Refactoring_Scheduled_task_created_with_HTTP_or_FTP_reference (#40905)
demisto/content: Packs/CortexResponseAndRemediation/ReleaseNotes/1_2_21.md

#### Playbooks

##### Scheduled task created with HTTP or FTP reference

- Replaced the "PAN-OS - Block IP" sub-playbook with the "block-external-ip" script.
- Added the "extractIndicators" task to extract Indicators from action command line.

> - Added the 'ip-enrichment' command to Checks the IP reputation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the 'ip-enrichment' command to check whether the IP reputation.
```

> - Added the 'url-enrichment' task to Checks the URL reputation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the 'url-enrichment' command to check the URL reputation.
```

- Replaced the 'core-get-script-execution-results' and the 'core-run-script-execute-commands' commands with the 'core-execute-command' script.

> - Updated the close incident task with the close reason and close notes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the 'close alert' task with a close reason and notes.
```
